# TreeGenerator

## A brief description of the location architecture:
 ### in ML Script:
    analyze.py 
the primary ml script used to train models on examples, for custom use, it would be necessary to change some of the file paths, which are currently absolute. 
    
### in Examples:
   * **Tree renderings:** 
Contains some tree models generated by sapling with custom textures for leaves and the bark, a step toward creating what might be considered realistic looking trees. 
   * **BlenderFiles:** 
Contains the blender files for the associated images in Tree renderings, as well as that for a skybox test and the base file for creating new tree architectures. To recreate the Tree renderings, one would probably need to access generic bark and leaf textures from online sources. (I got mine from textures.com) 
   * **Scripts:**
Contains the primary python scripts for creating new tree images and some tools for configuring data. 
        * Geometry Generator: A deprecated script for generating trees. 
        * parameterToTree.py: Takes the output from the json from the ml script and uses it to create trees using those parameters. [Paths will need to be edited in this file]
        * tree_generator(OLD): another deprecated generator for trees. 
        * Tree_Examples: A file containing some of the calls [and subsequently parameters] for creating some specific real-world strains of trees
        * treeGenerator: The current script for creating new trees, for custom use, paths in this file will need to be edited and the parameter dictionary will need to also be adjusted. 
        
